# MyUSACOCode for January 9-12, 2026
My code (C++) for this USA Computing Olympiad Contest

# 1. Chip Exchange
Bessie the cow has in her possession A chips of type A and B chips of type B (0≤A,B≤109). She can perform the following operation as many times as she likes:

    If you have at least cB chips of type B, exchange cB chips of type B for cA chips of type A (1≤cA,cB≤109).

Determine the minimum non-negative integer x such that the following holds: after receiving x additional random chips, it is guaranteed that Bessie can end up with at least fA chips of type A (0≤fA≤109). 

# 2. COW Splits
Bessie is given a positive integer N and a string S of length 3N which is generated by concatenating N strings of length 3, each of which is a cyclic shift of "COW". In other words, each string will be "COW", "OWC", or "WCO".

String X is a square string if and only if there exists a string Y such that X=Y+Y where + represents string concatenation. For example, "COWCOW" and "CC" are examples of square strings but "COWO" and "OC" are not.

In a single operation, Bessie can remove any subsequence T from S where T is a square string. A subsequence of a string is a string which can be obtained by removing several (possibly zero) characters from the original string.

Your job is to help Bessie determine whether it is possible to transform S into an empty string. Additionally, if it is possible, then you must provide a way to do so.

Bessie is also given a parameter k which is either 0 or 1. Let M be the number of operations in your construction.

    If k=0, then M must equal the minimum possible number of operations.
    If k=1, then M can be up to one plus the minimum possible number of operations
    
# 3. Photoshoot
Farmer John is looking at his cows in a magical field and wants to take pictures of subsets of his cows.

The field can be seen as a N×N grid (1≤N≤500), with a single stationary cow at each location. Farmer John's camera is capable of taking a picture of any K×K square that is part of the field (1≤K≤min(N,25)).

At all times, each cow has a beauty value between 0 and 106. The attractiveness index of a picture is the sum of the beauty values of the cows contained in the picture.

The beauty value for every cow starts out as 0, so the attractiveness index of any picture in the beginning is 0.

At Q times (1≤Q≤3⋅104), the beauty of a single cow will increase by a positive integer due to eating the magical grass that is planted on Farmer John's field.

Farmer John wants to know the maximum attractiveness index of a picture he can take after each of the Q updates.

